All right, so for the fourth segment, let's calculate the slope so we have the initial position over
here and the final position over here.
Well, you know, what do we really need to calculate the slope?
Let me ask you this.
Is this slope moving up or down at all?
What's the value of the slope?
All right.
So hopefully you're saying to yourself, in a way it's not slipping at all, are slope is going to be
zero meters per minute.
You calculate that out if you want to.
I personally wouldn't waste my time, but if you want to check it out, that's up to you.
OK, so I think that we're ready to start graphing these on the velocity versus time graph down here.
You could actually just see that our units here are the time.
And so that's what we have over here.
I'm just going to bring this up to notice here that we do have our velocity, which is meters over minute,
and we do have our time on the X axis.
So what I like to do with these is elected draw a nice little line coming down like this at each one
of these points.
So let's do that.
A key key, key key, here we go, here we go, here we go.
All right.
So for the first segment, we have four meters per minute.
It's going at a constant velocity for four meters per minute.
For that entire 15 minutes, we're going four meters per minute for velocity till we have zero meters
per minute.
So we're just going to do for segment two.
We have zero.
Some teachers might actually want a a line coming down here for connection like this.
I don't really have a preference, I would doubt that your teacher would actually really have a preference
on that.
But just let you know, some people actually do do that.
I don't.
I see.
The full importance of that.
All right, so for velocity three, we have negative two meters per minute, so we're just gonna plot
that out over here.
And for velocity four, we just are going to be drum like this, all right, so we just completed this.
We calculated out our velocities and we plotted them on the velocity versus time graph.
And those are our motion diagrams.